Humiliation turns into a cube or OK. Something about humiliation.
Eating reduces it.
You have this one space, this one canvas and your domain.
Now there needs to be some kind of pressure applied in order to get you to leave it.
Now when you leave you expose yourself to threats which add to your humiliation.
Later you have enough humiliation, all your choices respond to eating, some kind of vice which means you're less humiliated.
Tone is of something or you lose access to your space and must go to another space.
Maybe there are like three 3D spaces you move between.
Some kind of spiritual awakening at the bottom or destruction.
These small little dramas play out but you can't access silence until you significantly enlighten.
Oh and you must exercise.
Making the same mistakes over & over again.
Your screen just fills up with the word caution.
Coffee, Sugar, Sugar, Meat, Meat, Meat, you would just see it everywhere, everywhere.
Crash over, panic, everything. Can't can't see anything but the Vice until Statistified.
There would be a dramatic voice which would tell you the best option as you hear it.
How would you strengthen it.
Business World
Family World
Library World
Swamp World
Caitlin World
Disney World
All these rules, All these rules humiliate you. Each space ruled by Authoritarian.
Objects turn into vice inspired graphics.
You would start the world all over until you made it to Family.
Where you spend the day in Disney World.
When you land at the bottom, eternal recurrence.
You start back at the top but now you have learn the truth.
Pick it please.
And then there is always fear.
The ones at the top let fear bother them the least.